README.md, before:

# GroundCloud

[Heroku link][heroku] **Note:** This should be a link to your production site

[Trello link][trello]

[heroku]: https://groundcloud.herokuapp.com/
[trello]: https://trello.com/b/HZxZWNIR/groundcloud

## Minimum Viable Product

GroundCloud is a music based site influenced by SoundCloud built on a Rails/Redux framework. By the end of Week 9, this app will, at a minimum, satisfy the
following criteria with smooth, bug-free navigation, adequate seed data and
sufficient CSS styling:

- [ ] Hosting on Heroku
- [ ] Account creation/login (guest included)
- [ ] Music playback
- [ ] Liked songs/playlists
- [ ] Music upload
- [ ] Music controls
- [ ] Song look up

## Design Docs
* [View Wireframes][wireframes]
* [React Components][components]
* [API endpoints][api-endpoints]
* [DB schema][schema]
* [Sample State][sample-state]

[wireframes]: docs/wireframes
[components]: docs/component-hierarchy.md
[sample-state]: docs/sample-state.md
[api-endpoints]: docs/api-endpoints.md
[schema]: docs/schema.md

## Implementation Timeline

### Phase 1: Backend setup and Front End User Authentication (2 days)

**Objective:** Functioning rails project with front-end Authentication

### Phase 2: Notes Model, API, and components (2 days)

**Objective:** Notes can be created, read, edited and destroyed through
the API.

### Phase 3: Notebooks (2 day)

**Objective:** Notes belong to Notebooks that can be created, read, edited and destroyed through the API.

### Phase 4: Tags (1 days)

**Objective:** Notes can be tagged with multiple tags, and tags are searchable.

### Phase 5: Allow Complex Styling in Notes (1 days, W2 Th 6pm)

**objective:** Allow rich text editing of notes.

### Phase 6: - Pagination / infinite scroll for Notes Index (1 day, W2 F 6pm)

**objective:** Add infinite scroll to Notes Index

### Bonus Features (TBD)
- [ ] Top charts
- [ ] User follows
- [ ] Music suggestions
- [ ] User messages, comments

Commit message:

renamed repo to drop cloud

README.md, after:

# DopCloud

[Heroku link][heroku] **Note:** This should be a link to your production site

[Trello link][trello]

[heroku]: https://dropcloud.herokuapp.com/
[trello]: https://trello.com/b/HZxZWNIR/dropcloud

## Minimum Viable Product

DropCloud is a music based site influenced by SoundCloud built on a Rails/Redux framework. By the end of Week 9, this app will, at a minimum, satisfy the
following criteria with smooth, bug-free navigation, adequate seed data and
sufficient CSS styling:

- [ ] Hosting on Heroku
- [ ] Account creation/login (guest included)
- [ ] Song playback
- [ ] Liked songs/playlists
- [ ] Song upload
- [ ] Song controls
- [ ] Song look up

## Design Docs
* [View Wireframes][wireframes]
* [React Components][components]
* [API endpoints][api-endpoints]
* [DB schema][schema]
* [Sample State][sample-state]

[wireframes]: docs/wireframes
[components]: docs/component-hierarchy.md
[sample-state]: docs/sample-state.md
[api-endpoints]: docs/api-endpoints.md
[schema]: docs/schema.md

## Implementation Timeline

### Phase 1: Backend setup and Front End User Authentication (2 days)

**Objective:** Functioning rails project with front-end Authentication

### Phase 2: - User profiles (1 day)

**objective:** User profiles that show basic information (info, song uploads, playlists)

### Phase 3: User-user interaction (1 day)

**objective:** Users can follow, message each other, and leave messages on songs

### Phase 4: Song Model, API, and components (2 days)

**Objective:** Songs can be played and uploaded through the API, allow basic song controls

### Phase 5: Playlists and Likes (2 day)

**Objective:** Users can like and add songs to playlists through the API

### Phase 6: Song look up (2 days)

**Objective:** Users can search for songs. Optimization for other aspects of Heroku and project explored


### Bonus Features (TBD)
- [ ] Top charts
- [ ] User follows
- [ ] Music suggestions
- [ ] User messages, comments
