docs/README.md, before:

# DropCloud

[Heroku link][heroku]

[Trello link][trello]

[heroku]: https://dropcloud.herokuapp.com/
[trello]: https://trello.com/b/HZxZWNIR/dropcloud

## Minimum Viable Product

DropCloud is a music based site influenced by SoundCloud built on a Rails/Redux framework. By the end of Week 9, this app will, at a minimum, satisfy the
following criteria with smooth, bug-free navigation, adequate seed data and
sufficient CSS styling:

- [ ] Hosting on Heroku
- [ ] Account creation/login (guest included)
- [ ] Song playback
- [ ] Liked songs/playlists
- [ ] Song upload
- [ ] Song controls
- [ ] Song look up

## Design Docs
* [View Wireframes][wireframes]
* [React Components][components]
* [API endpoints][api-endpoints]
* [DB schema][schema]
* [Sample State][sample-state]

[wireframes]: docs/wireframes
[components]: docs/component-hierarchy.md
[sample-state]: docs/sample-state.md
[api-endpoints]: docs/api-endpoints.md
[schema]: docs/schema.md

## Implementation Timeline

### Phase 1: Backend setup and Front End User Authentication (2 days)

**Objective:** Functioning rails project with front-end Authentication

### Phase 2: - User profiles (1 day)

**Objective:** User profiles that show basic information (info, song uploads, playlists)

### Phase 3: User-user interaction (1 day)

**Objective:** Users can follow, message each other, and leave messages on songs

### Phase 4: Song Model, API, and components (2 days)

**Objective:** Songs can be played and uploaded through the API, allow basic song controls

### Phase 5: Playlists and Likes (2 day)

**Objective:** Users can like and add songs to playlists through the API

### Phase 6: Song look up (2 days)

**Objective:** Users can search for songs. Optimization for other aspects of Heroku and project explored


### Bonus Features (TBD)
- [ ] Top charts
- [ ] User follows
- [ ] Music suggestions
- [ ] User messages, comments

Commit message:

Formatting changes to sample state, modified docs/readme for slightly different timeline, users table created

docs/README.md, after:

# DropCloud

[Heroku link][heroku]

[Trello link][trello]

[heroku]: https://dropcloud.herokuapp.com/
[trello]: https://trello.com/b/HZxZWNIR/dropcloud

## Minimum Viable Product

DropCloud is a music based site influenced by SoundCloud built on a Rails/Redux framework. By the end of Week 9, this app will, at a minimum, satisfy the
following criteria with smooth, bug-free navigation, adequate seed data and
sufficient CSS styling:

- [ ] Hosting on Heroku
- [ ] Account creation/login (guest included)
- [ ] Song CRUD
- [ ] Playing songs with sound controls and continuous play
- [ ] Comments
- [ ] User pages

## Design Docs
* [View Wireframes][wireframes]
* [React Components][components]
* [API endpoints][api-endpoints]
* [DB schema][schema]
* [Sample State][sample-state]

[wireframes]: wireframes
[components]: component-hierarchy.md
[sample-state]: sample-state.md
[api-endpoints]: api-endpoints.md
[schema]: schema.md

## Implementation Timeline

### Phase 1: Backend setup and Front End User Authentication (2 days)

**Objective:** Functioning rails project with front-end Authentication

### Phase 2: - User profiles (1 day)

**Objective:** User profiles that show basic information (info, song uploads)

### Phase 3: User-user interaction (1 day)

**Objective:** Users can comment on songs, navigate pages through API

### Phase 4: Song Model, API, and components (2 days)

**Objective:** Songs can be played, edited, and uploaded through the API

### Phase 5: Sound controls and continuous playback (2 day)

**Objective:** Users can use an audio player to listen to music quickly and seemlessly

### Phase 6: Optimization and bonus (2 days)

**Objective:** Bonus features (listed below) Implemented. Optimization for other aspects of Heroku and project explored


### Bonus Features (TBD)
- [ ] Top charts
- [ ] User follows, likes
- [ ] Playlists
- [ ] Music suggestions
- [ ] User messages
